tar (#523)
neo4j/docs-aura: modules/ROOT/partials/import-database.adoc

There are two ways you can import data from an existing Neo4j database into an Aura instance.

Use the *import database* process in the Aura console UI to import a _.backup_, _.dump_ or _.tar_ file as long as it’s less than 4GB. 

Use the <<_neo4j_admin_database_upload>> command if the size of the  _.backup_, _.dump_ or _.tar_ file exported from a database larger than 4GB.

> It is highly recommended that the _.backup_,  _.dump_ , or _.tar_file, is of version 4.4 or higher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is highly recommended that the _.backup_,  _.dump_ , or _.tar_ file, is of version 4.4 or higher.
```

> It is recommended that the data in the file is exported from a Neo4j database running version 4.4 or higher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is highly recommended that the _.backup_,  _.dump_ , or _.tar_file, is of version 4.4 or higher.
```
